[error-tracking] auto assign documentation (#30011)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/error_tracking/auto_assign.md

---
title: Auto Assign
description: Learn about Auto Assign in Error Tracking.
further_reading:
  - link: '/error_tracking/suspect_commits/'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Suspect Commits'
  - link: '/error_tracking/issue_team_ownership/'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Issue Team Ownership'
---

## Overview

Auto Assign automates triaging by assigning issues to the author of their [suspect commit][1].

> This feature enables faster issue resolution by automatically assigning issues to developers most familiar with the relevant code, while reducing manual triage work. Developers are immediately notified when issues arise from their code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature enables faster issue resolution by automatically assigning issues to developers most familiar with the relevant code, while reducing manual triage work. You are immediately notified when issues arise from your code.
```

## Setup

Once configured and enabled, issues are automatically assigned to developers based on suspect commit analysis.

### Configure Source Code Integration

- Ensure [Source Code Integration][2] is enabled and setup.

> - Install [the GitHub integration][3]. Make sure all requested permission is granted for the GitHub integration.

Reviewer 2: Similar to the other PR, let's list the permission needed

> - Developers must use the same email address in both Git and their Datadog account.

Reviewer 2: Do they also need to OAuth somehow? Clicking to enable code previews?

---
title: Auto Assign
description: Learn about Auto Assign in Error Tracking.
further_reading:
  - link: '/error_tracking/suspect_commits/'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Suspect Commits'
  - link: '/error_tracking/issue_states/'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Issue States in Error Tracking'
---

## Overview

> Auto Assign helps teams quickly resolve issues by automatically assigning them to the most likely responsible developers. It uses [suspect commits][1] to identify developers who may have introduced issues, then assigns the issue directly to the developer who made those commits. When an issue is automatically assigned to a developer, they receive an immediate notification.

Author: fixed

## Setup

Once configured and enabled, issues are automatically assigned to developers based on suspect commit analysis.

### Configure Source Code Integration

- Ensure [Source Code Integration][2] is enabled and setup.
- Install [the GitHub integration][3]. Make sure all requested permission is granted for the GitHub integration.

### Ensure email consistency
Developers must use the same email address in both Git and their Datadog account. This email matching is essential for Auto Assign to correctly identify and assign issues to the right users.

## How it works

When an error occurs, Auto Assign:

1. Analyzes the stack trace to identify suspect commits
2. Determines the developer responsible for the most recent suspect commit
3. Automatically assigns the issue to that developer

> 4. Sends a notification to the assigned developer

Author: done
